Using the right services involves considering their cost and level of redundancy.
This combination can make for odd trade-offs.
For example, you might be better off running
the same lambda function in two different regions than have the same work done twice.
This could be far cheaper than trying to run
another service in a multi-region configuration.
Once you are familiar with a wide array of AWS services,
you can use your knowledge of their multi-AZ or
multi-region abilities to select services to achieve your platform's availability needs.
As Dr. Sue says,
"Think left and think right,
and think low and think high.
Oh, the things you can think up if only you try."